Add docs for npm registry (#343)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/common-syntax.md

      lodash: "4.17.20"
      "@babel/preset-typescript": "7.12"
      "@cypress/react": "^5.0.1"
```

### `registry`

__Description__: Specifies npm registry source.

__Type__: *string*

__Example__:
```yaml
  registry: https://registry.npmjs.org
```

> ⚠️ `registry` can also be private internal npm registry source. It works along with [Sauce Connect](/testrunner-toolkit/running-tests#run-tests-on-sauce-labs-with-sauce-connect) to get access to your private internet from Sauce Cloud.

Reviewer: Hey @tianfeng92  -- I am sorry I didn't catch this before. Have you manually inserted a caution symbol here? Typically, we use the admonition syntax here to put in a warning or caution alert. Is this statement something about which customers should be cautioned? What is the risk level? Thanks and sorry again that I missed this before.

Author: I didn't set this by myself. It was existed previously. I can remove this and add a note section

Reviewer: Huh. When was it added? It is not in the current doc?

### `packages`

> __Description__: Specifies npm packages which are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies npm packages that are required to run tests and should, therefore, be included in the bundle. See [Including Node Dependencies](testrunner-toolkit/configuration#including-node-dependencies).
```

Author: Thanks!

      lodash: "4.17.20"
      "@babel/preset-typescript": "7.12"
      "@cypress/react": "^5.0.1"
```

### `registry`

> __Description__: Specifies npm registry source.
> 
> __Type__: *string*
> 
> __Example__:
> ```yaml
>   registry: https://registry.npmjs.org
> ```
> 
> >
> > **NOTE:** `registry` can also be private internal npm registry source. It works along with [Sauce Connect](/testrunner-toolkit/running-tests#run-tests-on-sauce-labs-with-sauce-connect) to get access to your private internet from Sauce Cloud.
> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies the location of the npm registry source. If the registry source is a private address and you are running tests on Sauce Cloud, you can provide access to the registry source using [Sauce Connect](/testrunner-toolkit/running-tests#running-tests-on-sauce-labs-with-sauce-connect).

__Type__: *string*

__Example__:
```yaml
  registry: https://registry.npmjs.org
```
